Add eslint rule for id attribute on inline next/script (#27853)
vercel/next.js: errors/inline-script-id.md

# next/script components with inline content require an `id` attribute

## Why This Error Occurred

> `next/script` components with inline content require an `id` attribute for deduplication.

Reviewer: Please replace with 
`next/script` components with inline content require an `id` attribute to be defined to track and optimize the script.

to be in sync [with the docs](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/docs/basic-features/script.md)

Author: ```suggestion
`next/script` components with inline content require an `id` attribute to be defined to track and optimize the script.
```
